<tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>Start of game</td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>01/01/01</td>
  </tr>
</table>
<head>
<style>
table {
    border-collapse: collapse;
}

table, td, th {
    border: 1px solid black;
    width: 100%;
}
</style>
</head>

<table>---
title: scratch so far 21-2-2018
layout: post
author: braedan.mooney
permalink: /scratch-so-far-21-2-2018/
source-id: 1rcIjIfYgT2ovg-WoqJGu39L0xjks-KSCLcUgC-lyIQo
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>Chase / maze game so far</td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>01/01/01</td>
  </tr>
</table>
<tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>Start of game</td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>01/01/01</td>
  </tr>
</table>
<head>
<style>
table {
    border-collapse: collapse;
}

table, td, th {
    border: 1px solid black;
    width: 100%;
}
</style>
</head>

<table>
    

<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>Blank scratch document with plan</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this half term?</td>
    <td>To get most of the way through my scratch / snake project and make it run smoothly</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? </td>
    <td>No because I am most of the way through but You Can glitch through the walls but can be solved by looking at previous projects</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>How did you use your learning habits this week?</td>
  
    <td>Persevering</td>
    <td>I never gave up on one thing except from the glitch so I guess I am sitting on the fence for this one</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Questioning?</td>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Independence</td>
    <td>I did not as I had to ask for help when all of my sprites disappeared</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Reflecting</td>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Engagement</td>
    <td>I never thought of two things at once I always engaged on one thing then moved to the next.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What could have gone better in your learning?</td>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I could of referred back to previous projects that i've done so I dont glitch through the walls.</td>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What changes do you need to make to improve your learning next time?</td>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>To allways look at title of other projects to see if it will help me</td>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
</table>


